Private Provides (#995)
uber-go/fx: docs/modules.md

   )
   ```

> 5. Lastly, if you want to keep a constructor hidden to your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Lastly, if you want to keep a constructor's output types contained to your
```

   module (and modules your module includes), you can add an
   `fx.Private` when providing.

   ```go mdox-exec='region ex/modules/module.go private'
   var Module = fx.Module("server",
   	fx.Provide(
   		New,
   	),
   	fx.Provide(
   		fx.Private,
   		parseConfig,
   	),
   	fx.Invoke(startServer),
   	fx.Decorate(wrapLogger),
   )
   ```

> 

Reviewer: Add some more explanation here about the output of `parseConfig` being only available within the `"server"` module.
